This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br />
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br />
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br />
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br />
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

### Code Splitting

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting

### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size

### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app

### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration

### Deployment

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment

### `npm run build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify

Bitfinex API app
Goal, purpose and extent of project
Learning goals
The overall goal of this project is to create a project of my own from planning including documentation to the end result: a fully functional crypto-assets tracker hosted on my own domain. The end result will also include a git repo hosted remotely on github with a comprehensive commit history.
Functionality
The goal of this app is to enable a logged in user to view different stats from their Bitfinex (maybe others) account utilizing their API key. User logins (and API keys) will be stored in a firebase database, which will serve as the app’s overall backend (this may change later).
The project will be developed using react class components / function components and redux to manage state. There will be two versions: One using react lifecycle methods and another using react hooks. The starting point of both versions is the boiler-plate project setup, generated by the latest version of the create-react-app cli.
List of tools and concepts

Both projects will be initialised with git through the cli and uploaded to github as two separate projects:
my-folio-class
my-folio-func 

Css modules will be utilized for styling the project. Because we are using create-react-app > version 3.4.1 (higher than 2.0.0) we will need to use the filename.modules.css syntax as described here.

For http requests we will be using the axios ‘Promise based HTTP client’.

We will optimize performance of the app using React.memo and useMemo(), React.createContext and useContext() respectively.

For the hooks-based project we will use either useState() or useReducer() to manage state. For the lifecycle-based project we will be using redux.

Spinners, modals and backdrops will be used for enhanced UX.

One outer jsx element
React.Fragment vs custom (Aux) component

What I’ve learned and re-learned through this project:
How to initialise a git project and push it to remote repo (github)
Git init
Create new repo on github ui and copy the link
Git remote add origin <url>
Git push origin master
Prerequisite for doing the above is that there’s already established a connection to my github account. I have done that with the ssh keys generated earlier when setting up a server on Vultr. I may need to generate new keys at some point as I don’t remember the passphrase. 
Further reading: launchscool.com, github docs - adding new ssh key, SSH keygen locally in random useful notes

